Glossary api details (#4015)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/glossary/d.md

### Dashboard {#dashboard}

Dashboards are customizable views within [applications](#application) like the [Cockpit application](#cockpit-application), composed of various [widgets](#widget), used to visualize data, monitor [assets](#asset), and potentially trigger actions.

See also [Working with dashboards](/cockpit/working-with-dashboards/) in the documentation.  

{{< c8y-details title="Developer details" >}}
Dashboards are stored as managed objects in the Inventory, with a `c8y_Dashboard` fragment. Their configuration, including layout and widget settings, is stored as a complex JSON object within this managed object. Dashboards are created and updated via the [Inventory API](https://cumulocity.com/api/core/#tag/Inventory-API) (`POST /inventory/managedObjects` and `PUT /inventory/managedObjects/{id}`).
{{< /c8y-details >}}

### Data broker {#data-broker}

The data broker functionality is an optional feature in {{< enterprise-tenant >}}s which lets you share data selectively with other [tenants](#tenant).

See also [Data broker](/data-broker/) in the documentation.

{{< c8y-details title="Developer details" >}}

> Configuration of broker connections is done using the Administration application. The underlying REST APIs are internal to the feature-broker application and are not part of the public API set. The new, reliable, messaging-based broker is used if the databroker-agent-server microservice is subscribed to the tenant. Otherwise, the legacy in-memory implementation is used.

Reviewer: stumbled over the "new" broker and "legacy" implementation - as a glossary should be an 'evergreen' and not advertising :) maybe we can change it slightly into:

```suggestion
Configuration of broker connections is done using the Administration application. The underlying REST APIs are internal to the feature-broker application and are not part of the public API set. The messaging-based broker is used if the databroker-agent-server microservice is subscribed to the tenant. Otherwise, the original in-memory implementation is still used.
```

Author: Agreed, I also stumbled over it.
